
Name : Thor: Ragnarok
Release Date : 2017-10-25
Popularity : 46.394
Votes : 13784
Overview : Thor is imprisoned on the other side of the universe and finds himself in a race against time to get back to Asgard to stop Ragnarok, the destruction of his home-world and the end of Asgardian civilization, at the hands of an all-powerful new threat, the ruthless Hela.

Name : Gåten Ragnarok
Release Date : 2013-11-11
Popularity : 6.555
Votes : 118
Overview : Archaeologist Sigurd Svendsen discovers that the Oseberg ship hides a secret from the Viking Age. Along with his two children put Sigurd out on a quest to find the truth. The mystery leads them into "No Man's Land" between Norway and Russia where no man traveling in modern times. Old runes take on new meaning when the secret they uncover is more frightening than anyone could have imagined.

Name : John Hodgman: RAGNAROK
Release Date : 2013-06-19
Popularity : 3.359
Votes : 11
Overview : Deranged Millionaire, John Hodgman, and his infamous moustache dispense their survival guide to the Mayan apocalypse or as he's deemed it "RAGNAROK".  With his eccentric list of post-apocalyptic necessities, beef jerky dollars, sperm whales and mayonnaise, John Hodgman entertains the audience in the face of impending doom.

Name : Operation Ragnarök
Release Date : 2018-12-07
Popularity : 2.151
Votes : 4
Overview : A town in south of Sweden is isolated after a viral outbreak. The Swedes and immigrants still inside must band together to survive the onslaught.

Name : Ragnarok
Release Date : 2018-01-31
Popularity : 0.6
Votes : 2
Overview : The short film Ragnarok takes on the story of Liv and Livtrase, the last two humans that survives Ragnarok, the end of the world in Norse mythology. Why they survive and the sacrifices made.

Name : GWAR: Rendezvous with Ragnarok
Release Date : 1997-01-01
Popularity : 0.951
Votes : 1
Overview : Just when you thought it was safe to get abducted by aliens, Slave Pit offers their take on the extraterrestrial phenomenon! Gwar celebrates the end of the world as the comet Ragnarok threatens to destroy the Earth. When Grey Aliens crash the party and artificially inseminate Slymenstra with Orderus' sperm, the resulting hybrid mutant space child attracts the attention of Gwar's ancient enemy, the giant robot Cardinal Syn and his Holy Warriors from Outer Space.  The bulk of the video is concert footage, with a mock interview interspersed between each song. Additionally, three music videos - "Saddam a Go-Go," "Meat Sandwich," and "Surf of Syn" - are included.

Name : 